FSSS-125 Feat: Creates new tokens and Styling Documentation (#224)
vtex-sites/base.store: README.md

0. **Clone this repo**

   Get up and running by cloning this repo.

   ```shell
   # Clone this repo into your machine
   npx degit vtex-sites/base.store awesome.store
   ```

1. **Install dependencies**

   Install dependencies with yarn

   ```shell
   cd awesome.store/
   yarn
   ```

2. **Setup store.config.js**

   Choose the ecommerce platform provider of your choice in the `store.config` file and set the corresponding options. For instance, to connect to the VTEX platform on the store `fashioneurope`:

   ```js
   module.exports = {
     platform: 'vtex',

     api: {
       storeId: 'fashioneurope'
       environment: 'vtexcommercestable'
     }
   }
   ```

3. **Start developing**

   Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

   ```shell
   yarn develop
   ```

4. **Open the source code and start editing!**

   Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

> > Note: You'll also see a second link: \_`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-4/#use-graphiql-to-explore-the-data-layer-and-write-graphql-queries). Also, if you want to query for dynamic data (allProducts, allCollections, search etc), you can use tools like [GraphQL Playground](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-playground) and configure it to query _`http://localhost:8000/api/graphql`\_

Reviewer: Why did you add the `\`? This bit looks weirder now.

Before|After
-|-
![CleanShot 2022-01-17 at 12 34 37](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/381395/149798631-bb34e38e-a7ed-4d9b-bb25-177468e70079.png)|![CleanShot 2022-01-17 at 12 33 32](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/381395/149798664-d6f66a25-9836-4829-a228-6da72631feef.png)

Author: This was an automatic fix by our Lint. Should I move it back?

Reviewer: That's weird! I tried changing this file but I didn't have the same result, the linter didn't touch this line. There must be some misconfiguration. 
😕 

I suggest reverting this change specifically.

Author: @filipewl could you try to do it? When I save the file que bar is added automatically :(

Reviewer 2: the same thing is happening here :(

Reviewer: There's some tooling conflict that is adding these `\` back... To simplify things I [removed](https://github.com/vtex-sites/base.store/pull/224/commits/214cf00bdba86f3a07159a059cceaf9746a37b9b) both `\` and the _italiczation_ via `_`.

interface Props extends ButtonProps {}

function Button(props: Props) {
  return <UIButton {...props} />
}

export default Button
```

Now, your Button component is powered by Store UI. However, if you try to use this on your app you will see that the button is lacking styles. To add styles, we will use CSS modules because they allow us to target data attributes. On your terminal, type:

```sh
touch src/components/ui/Button/button.scss
```

Now, on `button.scss`:

```css
[data-store-button] {
  display: inline-flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}
```

This `data-store-button` is a CSS data attribute selector. To know which selectors are available, check [FastStore UI docs](https://faststoreui.netlify.app/).

Now, open `Button.tsx` and import this CSS with:

```tsx
import React from 'react'
import { Button as UIButton } from '@faststore/ui'
import type { ButtonProps } from '@faststore/ui'

import './button.scss'

interface Props extends ButtonProps {}

function Button(props: Props) {
  return <UIButton {...props} />
}

export default Button
```

> For most components, you would stop here. However, buttons can have different variants. For instance, suppose you want to have a button component with primary and muted variants. To add variants to the component, update `Button.tsx`:

Author: ```suggestion
For most components, you would stop here. However, buttons can have different variants. For instance, suppose you want to have a button component with primary and secondary variants. To add variants to the component, update `Button.tsx`:
```

Reviewer 2: Nice catch! hihihi

interface Props extends ButtonProps {}

function Button(props: Props) {
  return <UIButton {...props} />
}

export default Button
```

Now, your Button component is powered by Store UI. However, if you try to use this on your app you will see that the button is lacking styles. To add styles, we will use CSS modules because they allow us to target data attributes. On your terminal, type:

```sh

> touch src/components/ui/Button/Button.module.css

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
touch src/components/ui/Button/Button.scss
```

Reviewer 2: If they keep our currently pattern, it would be a `.scss` file.

```

> Now, on `Button.module.css`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, on `Button.scss`:
```

```css
[data-store-button] {

>   @apply p-0 bg-primary-100;

Reviewer 2: We need to remove it and add another example.

```

## 🖊️ Styling Components

> Our customized theme is based on [Design Tokens](https://css-tricks.com/what-are-design-tokens/) using [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) of a `class` for each one of them. Today, we have the following files in the `src/styles` folder:

Reviewer: I couldn't understand the first sentence very well, particularly the part "of a `class` for each one of them". When you say "class", is that a CSS class selector, or maybe JS's `class` construct?
:\

Author: ```suggestion
Our customized theme is based on [Design Tokens](https://css-tricks.com/what-are-design-tokens/) using [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) or a `css class` for each one of them. Today, we have the following files in the `src/styles` folder:
```

Reviewer: I like the following formatting for "CSS class"  better:
```suggestion
Our customized theme is based on [Design Tokens](https://css-tricks.com/what-are-design-tokens/) using [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) or a CSS class for each token. Today, we have the following files in the `src/styles` folder:
```

### `global.scss`

Here you'll find the basic structure to build your theme (font base, color palette, spacing, color-text, body background color...), feel free to update it with your brand guidelines.

#### <b>Colors</b>

We suggest using a color palette of 3 colors and its gradation: `primary`, `secondary` and `neutral`.

We also listed a couple of customizable tokens so you can easily change your body background, for example.

If you feel the need to edit some of the color decisions, you can enter `colors.scss` and update the semantical tokens. E.g.:

```scss
--color-border-input: var(--color-neutral-4); // Current
--color-border-input: var(--color-neutral-5); // Updated
```

#### <b>Typography</b>

We use the [Modular Scale](https://www.modularscale.com/) setting to create our text-sizes. If you want to change it, just set the `base-font-size` and the `scale` ratio.

#### <b>Spacing</b>

The spacing scale is based on `rem` sizes, so it will remain consistent if you change the `base-font-size`.

### `grid.scss`

List of classes used to create default page grid.

```scss
.grid-content-full // Should be used for sections that are side to side, generally with a colored background.

> .grid-content // Should be used for sections that fit centered on the grid.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this it's clear enough. 
An image here would be helpful 🤔

Reviewer: Agreed!

Reviewer 3: Agreed as well!
